I'm gonna steal this picture
right out from under your nose,
And you know I can do it.
Are you threatening me?
Announcer: Feud: Bette and joan.
All-new, Sunday at 10:00 on fx.
♪ fx presents
baskets.
I, uh, brought mom a
toilet because I broke hers.
Is she here?
She ain't here, honey.
Where is she?
Welcome to the denver
international airport.
Chip, I'm out of town and
I need you to take meemaw
To her doctor's appointment.
Esther, do that
little dance you do.
A 5, 6, 7, 8!
Hello?
Sorry for your loss.
Tell me a little bit
about your mother?
Oh, she's um...
She was, uh...
A complicated woman.
No, just her size.
Oh, her size.
She's petite.
Actually, we have a really
great option on mothers.
Uh, the mother casket.
It comes very, very
highly rated.
Whose rating it, ghosts?
18 gauge steel.
Painted lilac finish.
Hmm.
I guess I'll take that one.
Your mother's gonna love it.
Chip, martha!
There's only one of them.
Which one is that,
which one is that?
I can't tell from
this far away.
Oh, god.
Uh, it may be logan.
Yeah, it may be logan or
it may be cody, right?
Does he have a black eye?
Yes, it's a black guy.
They're both black.
- Hey.
- Hey, what's going on?
How you doing?
All is well.
What's going on?
Where's my other brother?
Logan? Oh, he's driving
in from l.A.
Coop, that one's cody.
Yeah, martha.
So nice to see you, cody.
Good to see you.
It kinda sucks, you know,
grandma dying and all.
Yeah, it's rough.
It's rough.
- Martha.
- Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Um, what happened
to your eye?
This? Collateral
party damage.
Oh.
- Should we go?
- Let's go.
Oh, look at these.
They're so beautiful.
Who are these from?
Ken!
Oh, will you put
them up by meemaw?
- Okay.
- Thank you so much.
So beautiful.
oh, logan.
So sorry for your loss.
Thank you, oh.
Hey, mom.
Oh, cody.
I'm so sorry
for your loss.
Thank you, cody.
Oh, so nice of you
boys to make it.
I know how busy you are
with your djing schedule.
What happened to your eye?
Hey, dale?
Where's the family?
Who cares?
He's under stress.
Hey, barbara.
Uncle jim.
- Hey.
How are you doing?
Good. How are you?
Little dale.
Christine's boy.
Right, right, dale.
- Yeah.
How you been?
Well, I'm... I'm doing okay.
You're chip's brother.
Yeah. Yeah, chip's brother.
How you been?
Oh, well, getting audited
over at the school.
Uh, gonna have to
do some budget cuts.
You know, I was gonna
maybe pick your brain
about bankruptcy.
And, uh, I just thought,
maybe, you know,
There's uncle jim.
He knows about
this kind of stuff.
I don't.
I've never been audited.
I've never been
bankrupt.
Okay.
I'm going to go
say hi to your mom.
Okay, sure.
Hey, dorothy.
Hey, walt.
Guess who?
Jim?
My brother, I'd know
those hands.
- My little lady.
- Welcome.
Long time, no see, huh?
Where's sherry
and the kids, jim?
- Cabo.
- Oh, god.
Yeah, quizno's
franchise owners.
Big deal, I had
to slip out.
- They're still there.
- Oh, god.
Yeah, I know, it's just
very bad timing,
this whole thing.
Yeah.
I was out of town.
- Really? Where were you?
- I was up in the
mile-high city.
My god.
I got some things going
that are pretty exciting, jim.
- I'm excited about them.
- That's good.
I wish mom was
here for them, though.
I know, it's just very
emotional for both of
us right now.
It's... Listen,
is herb whatsits
Still handling mom
and dad's financials?
Of course, he's
sharp as a tack.
Is he here today?
I think so.
Yeah, there he is
over there.
Are you sure this
isn't his funeral?
Oh, jim.
So silly.
Oh, martha?
- Yeah?
- Could you get lambchop?
I don't want her peeing there.
That dog pees everywhere.
I've seen it.
You know, I don't think
she has to pee.
I think she just misses
her meemaw, probably.
Yeah, okay.
How are you doing?
I'm good,
keeping myself busy.
You know, we've got,
you know, people coming over
To pay their respects and
that's always a nice thing.
Yeah.
You know.
I, uh... Remember that guy?
- Yeah?
- I went to see him.
Oh, that's great,
mrs. Baskets.
Denver.
And you were right.
There was
a sexual vibe.
Did I say that?
You did, and I had
a terrific time, martha.
That city, it's like,
you know...
So high, so technically,
I guess, you know,
I'm part of the
mile-high club.
Well, that's great.
I know, I had so much
fun I got caught up in it.
I forgot about my kids,
I forgot about my house.
I forgot about my mom.
I should've been here.
I was supposed to take
her to that appointment.
And, um... I just
feel like I killed her.
You didn't, mrs. Baskets.
It wasn't your fault.
Well, martha,
I hope you're right.
I'm sure I'm right.
Are they here already?
When I die I'd like to be
scattered in the pacific ocean.
You mean like
your ashes scattered?
Or your body parts?
Martha, martha, martha,
looking beautiful like always.
Chip, what's up, baby?
Cod.
Hello.
Yo, man, can I talk to you
outside for a sec?
Naw, whatever you got to say,
you can say it in front
of martha and chip.
Come on, man,
this ain't the place.
All right, fine, man.
Oh... Oh.
Was that weird?
I just needed
a little space.
No, not that.
I think something's going on
With cody and logan.
They're not speaking
in unison as much.
God, if I had to spend
that much time with dale,
I'd be angry, too.
Ain't enough whiskey
in the whiskey salad.
Hard to get drunk.
Maybe you should
go check on them.
I mean, you do cheer people
up for a living.
Where's logan?
Huh?
- Where's logan?
- Oh, man, he bounced.
Everything going okay
with you guys and the
chemical brothers tour?
Mm-hmm, it's cool,
it's cool.
No, what's new with you?
Oh, I was homeless and saw
a guy get cut in half
by a train.
Uh-huh, mm-hmm.
Other than that,
not much going on.
Right, right.
Tight. Tight.
To be honest, chip,
The chemical brothers
fired us a few weeks ago.
What?
Yeah, man. Logan hooked up
with one of their girls,
They weren't happy
about it.
Man, oh man, that's not
relatable at all,
But I understand.
That's a bummer.
Plus a lot of guys want
to punch logan in the face.
And since I got
the same face as him...
That's been difficult.
Oh, god, yeah, of course.
Yeah. Plus I haven't
seen logan in a month.
Shacked up with this girl,
And now he's talking
about going solo.
Well, maybe... Maybe...
He could talk
to mom about it.
Uh-uh. Mom can't know
about this.
All right? Grammy's death,
this would kill her.
Now, how would that look?
I mean, we're
the basket brothers.
I mean, us falling apart?
Oh, naw.
It don't even look right.
Yeah. Well, we got to
nip this in the bud.
Yeah, we need to.
Hey, dale, can we
borrow your van?
We got to go get logan.
Does the place you're
going have booze?
Oh, yeah.
I'm driving. Look out.
Can you hold that, please?
All right, let's go.
Bye, guys.
Martha, could you start
picking up everyone's trash?
- Um, sure, mrs. Baskets.
- Thank you.
Thanks.
I'll meet you guys in there.
I've got to make a phone call.
What do you want to drink?
Whatever you're having.
That will be two
mimosas on the rocks.
No ice, no ice, dale.
Hello?
Hi, penelope,
it's chip.
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Penelope, it's chip.
Chip baskets.
Chip-oo!
Oh, how nice to
hear you.
Well, listen I'll just get
right to the point, penelope.
Do you remember my
dj twin brothers?
Sure.
I was hoping to maybe
find them a gig
With maybe an established
dj or a band.
You know, an opening
act situation.
Um, and I thought since you
were in the music business,
That maybe you had
some connections.
I know it's stupid,
penelope.
No, no, no, it's okay.
I'm looking at my contact here.
- Oh really?
- I have a lot of friends
In music: Basement jaxx,
twin dj.
Uh, sneaker pimp.
Oh, god, penelope,
if you could do this,
It would be really,
really helpful.
Uh, so thank you very,
very much.
It's so nice to hear
you chips. Really.
Really beautiful to
hear your
Nice little voice.
It's nice to hear your...
Your voice, too, penelope.
I miss you sometime.
You do?
Yes.
Sometime I think of
your stupid joke and...
I miss you.
Huh, okay.
Well, I mean, you have
my number now,
So you can,
you can, uh...
You can call me any time
you want if you like.
I have a new cellular phone.
It's pink.
You take good care, yeah?
Okay, yes, so you'll just
maybe call me and let me know
If you get in touch
with anybody.
Yes, I'll, I'll, um...
I'll text some dj I know and
I'll call you back, okay?
Okay, great.
Uh, thanks, penelope.
I'll talk to you
right away.
Oh, look at that.
Who am I holding there?
I have no idea
who that is.
Oh, oh, no.
Hey, what are you
doing up there?
Exactly. What are you
Oh, you know mom used
to let her eat on
the table with her...
- No way.
- For company.
Oh, come on.
Oh, it's not going
to hurt anything.
Are you kidding?
It's just a little dog.
There's germs all over
the place now.
You know what dad would do
if he saw this thing up here?
Kick that thing right
out of here, kaboom!
You know, that's right,
dad would kick the dog
out of there.
Like he kicked us around.
He...
Oh, he spanked us
all the time for no reason.
No, he only spanked us
when there was a reason,
And there were a lot
of good reasons.
I think you are a little
cloudy in your memories.
For instance, look here.
Here's all of us in front
of the car.
Yeah, on mom's birthday,
he got mom flowers
And he got himself
a new car.
Yes, but he took us
all on a trip.
- That was horrible.
- That was great!
Oh my god, that was the worst.
Camping...
- Oh.
- Dad was so cheap.
He wouldn't even pay
for a cabin.
You know, I don't like
what you're insinuating
about dad.
In fact, I think you're making
a lot of this stuff up
Just to... Cover
your own problems
In your own family.
You know what?
It's been a
long day, jim.
I'm gonna take you back
to the hotel.
That's such great news.
Thanks so much.
Okay, bye.
Did you find logan?
Over there with them.
You never know,
but that's the reason
I don't make corn muffins.
Hey, uh, listen, do you
guys happen to have a video
Of you, I don't know,
djing or whatever it
is you do?
Naw, we did have a joint
youtube account, but
Logan deleted it.
Mimosas!
Cheers, guys.
- Cheers, bro.
- Chin-chin.
Oh, I'm gonna get
fried tonight.
- Hey, dale.
- Yeah, buddy?
Can you help me make a
video of these two djing?
Is that possible?
What are you talking about?
We're in a bar right now.
Dj with what?
If we can get a video
e-mailed out tonight
Of you guys disc jockeying
or whatever it is,
There maybe a slot open
on this future tour, maybe.
That's it.
That sounds good
and all, I mean,
But I don't know
if logan's down.
I'll-- I'll work on logan.
I'll work on logan.
- You sure?
- Yes, I promise.
All right, then, bro,
I'll take your word then.
Okay, so, what do you need?
I mean, what kind of
things do we need to
get this thing going?
We need two computers.
- Computers?
- Yeah, computers.
Well, I can get you a laptop
or two if that's what you need.
I'm never gonna remember
the combination.
Let me try this. Um...
Here, take this one.
- This one?
- I'm just gonna, let's see.
You know what? Just try
grabbing it.
Just give it a good, tight...
- Dale?
- Chris, god!
Why aren't you at
your aa meeting?
I don't drink.
Well, maybe you should,
loosen your ass up.
Oh, I was just getting
things ready for the audit.
Okay, why don't you want,
a parade?
Um, this is my brother, uh...
Cody, nice to
meet you, honey.
You, too.
Okay, we'll just
take our leave.
Um...
I forgot to disconnect myself.
Uh, don't forget,
I own the joint,
So nothing about this
in the comment box.
Well, listen, thank you
for bringing me back.
Thank you for everything
you did today
For the tribute, and
for mom and everything.
It was nice, wasn't it?
It was very nice.
Whiskey salad was amazing.
I haven't had that in...
- Yeah.
- Can't remember the last
time I had that.
It's too bad we had to get
that whole thing about dad.
You know, I mean, I know
he was hard.
I know he was hard
on everybody.
But he was always fair.
No, no. You've got
it wrong again.
I thought you
were off that.
You're back on it?
He was a mean drunk.
Oh.
He was selfish and
he was cruel.
Well...
And especially to mom.
The older she got,
the meaner he got
towards her.
He only got mean
when he drank.
Oh, come on.
He was so bad.
And that's the reason
that I got mom her own
separate burial plot.
Wait a minute,
what do you mean?
Mom already has a burial plot,
it's next to dad.
It's already paid for.
I don't care.
I didn't want her
spending eternity with
that cruel, mean man.
Oh...
I wanted her to rest in peace.
You know what that means?
Yeah, I know
what that mean.
- R.I.P?
- R.I.P., yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, now you know
if you thought dad
was so fair
And you liked him so much,
why don't you take that plot?
I'll see you tomorrow.
Okay.
Hey, we're here.
Yo, what's she doing here?
Come on, man, leave
her out of this!
Okay, guys, let's get
these computers hooked up
So we can get this
audition tape out, okay?
What, for the
traveling rodeo?
Huh, chip?
No. Have you ever heard
of a band called
the sneaker pimps?
Because I haven't.
- Yeah.
Yeah, it's for them.
Sneaker?
Oh, man, here we go.
What's the point, man?
This dude is uptight
all the time.
The chemical brothers
let us go.
The sneaker pimps gonna
do the same thing
With this attitude.
Are you kidding me?
Look at my eye.
You know what? Forget it,
man, I'm out of here.
Yo, if he's out of here,
I'm out of here.
- Let go of me!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on one second,
this is not about you guys.
This is about our mother
who lost her mother.
Our grandmother, meemaw.
So you two need to figure out
whatever's going on because
Brotherhood is
really important.
So, cody, you want
to say something--
Wrong, it's logan.
I, I know that.
You're cody or logan?
- I'm cody.
- Yeah.
Just... Just, just
say something to him.
Okay? Do you have anything
you want to say?
I'm sorry
That the chemical brothers
punched you
Instead of me.
And I'm sorry I put
the chemical brothers
in a headlock,
Made them kiss each other,
say "I love you",
Then I bunched
their heads together.
I can't believe we almost
let the chemical brothers
come between us.
They not even real brothers,
but we are.
- I love you.
Makayla? Makayla.
Come here, sis.
I'm sorry.
We shall never
hug like that.
Ditto.
Okay, guys can we
get to disc jockeying?
- Yo man, let's get to djing.
- Let's do this.
- Let's do what we do.
- Ah-ha!
- Come on, guys.
Okay guys,
I'm recording.
♪ b-b-b-b
the basket brothers ♪
♪ b-b-b-b basket brothers
Hey, how are you?
I miss her, too.
And so we meet, then,
to say goodbye
And to reflect upon
the life of esther roosevelt.
A loving mother,
Grandmother and
child of god.
It's okay, mom.
- Now I'll read from the...
Book of revelations.
So I looked and behold,
a pale horse.
How are you doing, sweetie?
And the name of him
who sat on it was death.
You look like Wednesday.
From the addams family.
- It's a good look.
- You look like crap.
Well, I feel worse.
Feel like there's a hurricane
going on inside my stomach.
With death and
the wild beasts of the earth.
I am reading the wrong one.
That one's a little graphic
and I apologize.
I think what I'm trying
to say, ultimately,
Is that she lived
a good life.
So now why don't
we bow our heads
And take a moment of silence.
Give me a break.
Hello?
Hi.
No, it's a good time to talk.
Okay. I can let them know.
Guys.
- What's up, bro?
- The sneaker pimps?
- Yeah?
- Yeah, yeah?
They saw your video.
- Yeah.
- And they want you
to open for them.
You serious, bro?
Bro, good talking.
Good talking, bro.
You're a lifesaver.
And in his name we pray.
Amen.
Okay, let's put her
down under.
- Mom, it's okay.
Sorry.
Where's dale?
Coming, mama.
It's okay.
Whiskey salad, martha:
Apples, oranges,
Raisins, marshmallows,
whiskey. Simple.
And you know what
the key secret is?
One raisin.
- That just does it.
- Really?
I know, it's a fluke.
Chip? Do you know
where the remote is?
-Let me look for it.
-No, that's my foot massage
thing.
-What's this?
-Oh, that's mine.
-Here it is. I got it.
-Got it?
-Yeah.
-Oh, this is the garage door
opener, isn't it?
--where's my hand?
--chimes.
Stop.
Mom!
I can't-- oh, something
is underneath me.
Mom, I'm underneath you!
Announcer: Baskets.
All new thursdays at 10:00.
On fx.
Announcer: The americans.
All new tuesdays at 10:00.
On fx.
Woman: David?
Man: He's making me nervous.
Don't touch me!
Legion.
David: Is this real?
All new wednesdays at 10:00.
On fx.
♪
feud: Bette and joan.
All-new, Sunday at 10:00 on fx.